Hello and welcome to the course.
Artificial intelligence for business.
I know a lot of you have been waiting for it for a long time.
We've been doing some artificial intelligence courses but that were not applied to business problems.
Well here that's exactly what you'll get with this new course.
We will build some AI's to solve real world business problems.
So that means that this is the ultimate course to help you in your work whether you are working in a
company and trying to leverage the power of artificial intelligence for the business.
Or if you are of course building your own business yourself.
So definitely this course will be highly valuable for you.
So make sure to smash it.
OK.
So in this first introductory video we're going to see what this course will be about and mostly I'll
show you the structure of the scores because you need to understand the structure of the journey you're
going to take in this course.
But before I show you the preview of the journey let me be very clear on the three main applications
of artificial intelligence for any business which are first optimize business processes.
Second minimize cost and third maximize revenues.
You have to understand and keep in mind that these three applications are the main applications of artificial
intelligence for any business.
Meaning that if you want to start an AI company you know building AI solutions for companies for other
businesses in several industries.
Well these obligations are just three main things you're going to do for them either optimize business
processes which means you know optimize the flows the steps in the process happening in the business
or what you can do for other companies is to minimize costs meaning you're going to extract all the
data to create an environment in which you're going to build an AI and this AI will perform some actions
which in the end will minimize the cost of the business.
And I will show you exactly an example of this in one of our cases and then what you can also do is
maximize revenues meaning same you extract all the data of the company with which you create an environment
inside which you build an AI to perform some actions which will maximize the revenues in the end.
And again I'll show you exactly how to do this were the case then.
So let's recap the three main applications of artificial intelligence for any business or one optimized
business process to minimize cost three maximize revenues.
Remember this.
And now for the rest of the Course I'll show you exactly how to succeed in each of these applications
through real world business cases and for each of these applications we will build a separate AI to
solve the challenge meaning that we'll have a different age for each of these applications.
All right.
And speaking of them in speaking of the real world business case studies.
Well let's see what they're going to be in this course.
So this course is structured in three parts the three parts correspond to each of these three applications
in the same order and for each part we'll get this real world business case study which will solve with
a different solution.
So let's see what these cases are and for each of them let's see what a solution we're going to build.
So in part one optimizing processes the case that he will be about optimizing the flows in an e-commerce
warehouse.
So the flows in a warehouse are most of the processes in the company that holds the warehouse.
So that's a real world business case study of how we can leverage aiight optimize processes and the
AI's solution will build to solve this challenge is going to be huge learning.
This is the most simple yet very effective AI model.
And that's why I wanted to start with this one on this case study.
All right.
Next second part minimizing costs in energy consumption of a data center and the AI solution will build
for this will be a deep learning model which is a more advanced AI model than the previous one.
Q learning moral because indeed in the deep jewellery model we're going to combine jewelry and neural
networks or in other words we're going to combine deep learning and keep learning.
So this makes a hybrid artificial intelligence that is well known in the AI ecosystem and we absolutely
need to know how it works and how to implement it.
OK so of course for each of the case studies and Morell's will implement will provide not only the intuition
but also the theory with Aldermaston explaining details and also of course you'll get the most important
of all the code templates for each of the applications.
We'll give you the code template so that you can easily adapt it to your own business problem or any
problem you're trying to solve at work with an AI and more than that.
Even better than that will provide a general AI framework which is a blueprint containing the steps
of the process you have to follow when building any eye to solve business problems.
So we'll provide the general a blueprint for learning because in your career or while running your business
most of the business problems will solve will be with deep Guler.
So we really wanted to provide that a framework or blueprint so that you can adapt it to your own work
and business problems.
The easiest way.
Okay.
And now for the last part for which the application is maximizing revenues Well the case study will
be about maximizing revenue of an online retail business and this one will be quite exciting because
will actually help a business earn more than one billion dollars in revenue and the a solution that
will solve this challenge this huge challenge will be the unbeatable algorithm and the online reinforcement
learning branch which is Tompson Semlin Thompson something you absolutely have to know about this one
and know how to implement it because you can use it in a lot more business cases than you think and
when to know how to use it.
It can be tremendously powerful for the business.
So you have to know about Tompson something this is the most powerful algorithm in what we call the
online learning branch of artificial intelligence and we will of course provide all the theory intuition
math details and code templates for this AI solution.
All right.
And then remember thats not all there is something much bigger in this course.
Remember we've prepared a huge innovation for you highly valuable for your career.
I'm talking of course about the book the artificial intelligence for business book.
This is the very first time we provide a book in a course and this book covers everything about artificial
intelligence for business.
It contains 100 pages of crystal clear explanations written and beautiful and clean tech.
You will see what I'm talking about then all the AI intuition and theory including all the math explains
in detail the three case studies of the course and their solutions.
Three different models including in deep kerning and unbeatable.
Thompson something it contains to contemplate and better than that the general AI blueprint that will
be provided in part two and plus it contains lots of extra tips and tricks like you know early step
in saving and loading models Chihuly models and much much more.
So basically everything is in the book.
This is not like a compliment for the course because everything that is in the course is in the book.
Well maybe when I explain the code I provide more details when I speak.
Because of course we'll be coding together and I will provide all the details.
But in terms of you know the case that is description the AI intuition the AI theory the math details
well you will even find more in the book.
So you must absolutely check out this book.
Always keep it with you not only during the course but also at work in your company.
If you're starting with building your business this book will be super helpful for you.
So let's have a look at it and you will understand what I mean by beautiful and clean tech.
Here it is.
Here is the Table of Contents.
Again following the same structure of course part 1.
Optimizing processes part to minimizing cost and part 3 maximizing revenues.
And of course inside each of these parts you will get the whole case study with the solution and with
the implementation containing the code template and you can see that for each of the case that you will
proceed with the same steps first will define the problem to solve then we'll define the environment
then we're going to study in details the whole AI solution by always providing in the end the whole
algorithm that will do the magic.
And then we proceed to the implementation right.
Same here same for the second case study.
We solved the problem.
We define the environment.
We study the AI solution and we give the implementation and same for the third part and the third case
study we define the problem to solve.
We defined the environment.
We study the solution and we keep the implementation.
And of course you'll get Also the code template.
And of course no worries you can not miss them.
Now let's turn a little bit to pages.
So this is the first part.
Optimizing processes in the first pages of this part.
We described the problem to solve.
We describe the environment to define.
Then again some more description of the environment than we study in detail the whole AI solution.
Start from the beginning with Mark of decision processes for this solution then we explain what Kulemin
is then as you can see all the details are provided even intuition here you see that where I explain
the intuition.
Q learning and then of course in the end I provide the whole learning algorithm and then that's when
you have the whole code.
And of course in this book we explain the whole code code section by code section.
Remember there of course since we code together in the course.
You will get more details because we will code each line of code one by one.
So if there is anything you don't understand here in the explanations Well I'm sure you will understand
what you miss in the course.
So here we go.
That's the whole code and we get the results in the end.
Well you have everything and you even have the homework and solutions of the course right here.
This is actually a homework of course.
We're trying to make a big improvement of our AI after we put it in production.
All right.
And then of course you have all the same four part to minimize and cost with this new case study where
again we define the parameters of the environment.
And here you have a lot of description of the second case study and then defining the environment with
the states the actions the reward we give a final simulation example to make sure everybody understand
what we have to do.
And then of course that's where we study the whole AI solution.
You know remember deep learning is actually learning into deep learning that is into a deep neural network
and this is by the way the brain will build.
And the second case study in the second case will build exactly this one to solve.
Well this problem where we have to minimize the cost and energy consumption of a whole data center and
you will see we will get very good results in the end.
All right and then saying we have the whole implementation all described all explained including of
course where I told you about the general AI framework containing all the general steps of the process
when building an AI to solve a business problem.
So I'm not saying that you will be able to apply this general blueprint to all of the business problems
but many of them in fact any of them where you can build an environment with some state actions and
words.
And when you want to build a deep reinforcement learning model like a deep Coonerty model.
All right.
So make sure to print this page.
This is the whole general framework or blueprint.
Make sure you print this page and put it somewhere.
Never too far from you.
All right.
And then part 3 maximizing revenues you have all the same.
The description of the case to the problem to solve and and to define the whole AI solution including
the intuition and the whole implementation.
All right so this book you will be able to download it in the next story will also keep in mind that
I will improve it over time you know by getting some feedbacks I can always do some modifications and
improvements.
So I'll provide some new versions over time so that it can really be for you the best of the resources.
And now that's it for this introduction.
We're going to move on to the first part of this course part one.
Optimizing processes where we will build a cooler or any model to optimize the flows in an e-commerce
warehouse that's going to be the beginning of the journey.
I can't wait to start this venture with you.
And until then enjoy AI.